Okay, so now our app is ready.
Let's say we wanna this to the App Store,
how to make the final bill?
Well, in the Product menu, we actually
have a section that says Archive.
But as you can see Archive,
it's grayed out by default.
That's because we need
to change the target.
Instead of selecting an emulator,
you need to select an iPhone.
But even if you don't have an iPhone,
you can just select any iOS
device that will make the trick.
Then you go to Product > Archive.
Archive will make the final bill and
the final archive.
The archive is the IPA,
the iPhone application.
This will take a couple of seconds.
It will also give me an error in case I
don't have my development account set up.
How to set up this, the team.
Remember when we were creating the app,
we had to select a team, and
we didn't do that.
Well, if you click in the project,
if we go back to General,
not Info, General, we scroll down.
There are many places here
to change properties.
And also we have Signing & Capabilities.
In Signing & Capabilities,
we can select a Team.
And I have my personal account.
Probably you won't have one,
the first time you set up Xcode.
For either your Apple account,
you need to go to Preferences > Accounts.
And in Accounts,
you're going to add your Apple ID.
So after you add that,
your name will appear here.
So now, it will try to register this.
It gave me an error, which means
that someone in the audience or
here has already registered
that bundle identifier.
If you look at the error message, it says
that, that identifier is not available.
Remember I mentioned that
when you make the final bill,
the ID is going to be registered there.
So I'm just going to add here .firt.
That's my username and try again.
And now, I hope no one there
is actually using that one.
And now it's ready.
So now, Product > Archive.
And the IPA will be ready
to submit to the App Store.
Bill succeeded, here we have the Archive.
And from here,
we can just click Distribute App and
it will upload this to the App Store.
For that you need to pay.
So here is the part where you need
to have an Apple developer account.
So your Apple ID should be connected to
a paid account to actually submit this to
the App Store.
The question is,
how can we run the app in our local
devices if you have your iPhone connected?
First, you actually need a team.
So if you have already set the team for
the final version,
now you can select your
iPhone from the iOS device.
It will appear here and you just hit Run.
That will install the app on your
real device connected through USB.
You need to unlock the device first,
if not it's not gonna work.
So I'm using face ID now.
And the app will appear on your phone.
So you will install the app and
the app will keep in your phone
even if you unplug the USB cable.
The app will not last there forever.
It will work for a couple of months only.
After that it's not gonna work
because it's a development app.
But actually I have the app up and
running in my iPhone right now.
So it's actually pretty simple.
And you can debug, and you can do
anything like if it's simulator,
it's just the same.
The only requirement is
to have an Apple ID and
set up the team in the project settings,
that's all.
It can be an iPad, an iPhone, or
it can be an Apple TV, or a watch,
in case you're doing apps for
those platforms.